= Shared Assets

The following assets may be used by one or more accelerators. They can also be downloaded and used independently. All asset links refer to Anypoint Exchange and require you to login in order to be able to access them. Select the tab corresponding to the Cloud instance of your account in order to ensure you follow the correct links.

== API Libraries

The following RAML libraries are available for use in all API specifications.

[tabs]
====
US Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples
include::_partials/api-libraries-fragment.adoc[]

EU Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates
include::_partials/api-libraries-fragment.adoc[]

GovCloud Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: gov.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples
include::_partials/api-libraries-fragment.adoc[]
====

== System APIs

The following APIs are used by multiple accelerators to access and manage data in various external systems. These correspond to the System layer in MuleSoft's API-led approach.

[tabs]
====
US Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples
include::_partials/system-apis-fragment.adoc[]

EU Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates
include::_partials/system-apis-fragment.adoc[]

GovCloud Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: gov.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples
include::_partials/system-apis-fragment.adoc[]
====

== Process APIs

The following APIs represent the reusable business processes that are leveraged by multiple accelerators. These correspond to the Process layer in MuleSoft's API-led approach.

[tabs]
====
US Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples
include::_partials/process-apis-fragment.adoc[]

EU Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates
include::_partials/process-apis-fragment.adoc[]

GovCloud Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: gov.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples
include::_partials/process-apis-fragment.adoc[]
====

== Experience APIs

The following APIs provide tailor-made endpoints for specific applications to consume. These correspond to the Experience layer in MuleSoft's API-led approach.

[tabs]
====
US Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples
include::_partials/experience-apis-fragment.adoc[]

EU Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates
include::_partials/experience-apis-fragment.adoc[]

GovCloud Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: gov.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples
include::_partials/experience-apis-fragment.adoc[]
====

== Integration Applications

The following applications provide key integrations but do not expose any APIs as such.

[tabs]
====
US Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples
include::_partials/integrations-fragment.adoc[]

EU Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates
include::_partials/integrations-fragment.adoc[]

GovCloud Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: gov.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples
include::_partials/integrations-fragment.adoc[]
====

== Shared Components

The following non-application components are also used by multiple accelerators.

[tabs]
====
US Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples
include::_partials/shared-components-fragment.adoc[]

EU Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.templates
include::_partials/shared-components-fragment.adoc[]

GovCloud Exchange::
+
:anypoint-url: gov.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/org.mule.examples
include::_partials/shared-components-fragment.adoc[]
====

== See Also

* xref:getting-started.adoc[Getting Started Guide]
* xref:common-services.adoc[Accelerator Common Services]
* xref:index.adoc[MuleSoft Accelerators]